Updated docs to include abstract revisions (#53)
CiscoTestAutomation/getting-started: develop-guide/writeparser/writeparser.rst

|

> .. _revising_a_parser:

Reviewer: Need a section on `version` range

As CLI parsers continue to evolve, updates may introduce breaking 
changes that result in errors within previously functional jobs. To address this
issue, we have implemented a revision system that allows us to update parsers, 
without changing the existing implementations. 

When commands are parsed, the most recent revision of the relevant 
parser will be automatically identified and used.

To create a revision for a parser/api/ops, a new revision folder must be 
established within the existing OS folder, following the naming convention 
`rv<Revision Number>`.

    .. code-block::

        genieparser/
        └── src/
            └── genie/
                └── libs/
                    └── parser/
                        └── <OS>/
                            ├── rv1/
                            ├── rv2/
                            └── rv3/

Within the revision folder, two steps must be taken:

#. Create a new `__init__.py` file with the following contents:

    .. code-block:: python

        from genie import abstract
        abstract.declare_token(revision='<Revision Number>')

   The `<revision number>` should match the number used in the folder name (for 

>    instance, `rv1` would use `'1'` as the revision number).

Reviewer: We should support integers as well as string format for numbers.

#. Create a new file with the same name as the file of the feature you are 
   revising. For example, if the `"show platform"` command is to be revised, 
   create a `show_platform.py` in the revision folder.

#. Once the new file has been created, open it and create the revised version
   of whatever feature you would like with **the exact function/class name**.

>    IE, if you were to create a revision for the `show platform` parser, you 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you were to create a revision for the `show platform` parser, you 
```

   would create a new class `ShowPlatform` and the accompanying schema.

As an example, assume the first revision is being created for the IOSXE version 
of the `"show platform"` command, the resulting file structure would resemble:

    .. code-block::

        genieparser/
        └── src/
            └── genie/
                └── libs/
                    └── parser/
                        └── iosxe/
                            └── rv1/
                                ├── __init__.py
                                └── show_platform.py

> Any changes made in `iosxe/rv1/show_platform.py` will then be used instead of
> the original `iosxe/show_platform.py` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the parser in `iosxe/rv1/show_platform.py` will then be used instead of
the original `iosxe/show_platform.py` file. If you want to use a specific revision, pass
the revision number to the ``parse()`` command, e.g. `dev.parse('show version', revision=1)`. If you want to use the original parser, use `dev.parse('show version', revision=None)`.

To change the default behavior of revision selection to use either the latest , 
use the CLI argument `--abstract-revision 1`
```
